new .redefine pragma for templates, warn on redefinition without it (#20211)
nim-lang/Nim: doc/manual.md

The immediate pragma is obsolete. See `Typed vs untyped parameters
<#templates-typed-vs-untyped-parameters>`_.

redefine pragma
---------------

> Redefinition of template symbols with the same signature is allowed.
> This can be made explicit with the `redefine` pragma:
> 
> ```nim
> template foo: int = 1
> echo foo() # 1
> template foo: int {.redefine.} = 2
> echo foo() # 2
> # warning: implicit redefinition of template
> template foo: int = 3
> ```
> 
> This is mostly intended for macro generated code. 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
While redefining template with the same signature is allowed, doing so without using the `redefine` pragma will cause the compiler to emit a warning:

```nim
template implicitFoo: int = 1
echo implicitFoo() # 1

template implicitFoo: int = 2 # warning: implicit redefinition of template
echo implicitFoo() # 2
```
```
template explicitFoo: int = 3
echo explicitFoo() # 3

template explicitFoo: int  {.redefine.} = 4 # no warning
echo explicitFoo() # 4
```
````

Author: There is no {.redefine.} on explicitFoo. Also the line about macros is removed, not sure if intended.

Reviewer: Woops, you're right. Let me fix that.

Reviewer: Regarding the "this is mostly intended for macros" - unless this warning only applies to redefinitions caused by macro-generated templates, I'd say it applies to any template redefinition. What are your thoughts on this?

Author: It does apply to any template redefinition, the feature just mostly makes sense with the context of macros. Even if it's not exclusive to macros I think it could at least be mentioned that it *can* be used in macros
